In this episode of detail, if I'm Kevin Durant, I'm looking at taking my game to yet another level.
Two MVPs in the finals is great, back-to-back championships is great,
but there is next season, and I have to get better, and I can get better.
So I look at playing the mid post, the post, the high post, and becoming one of the most
dangerous passers in the league from that position. Now here, this is the most important thing I
need to add to my game. I've got to become insanely deadly in the post and in the mid post
with my passing. My teammates need to be moving and cutting and looking for open opportunities,
same way they do when Draymond has the ball. I've got to become an incredible threat
with my passing ability here. You know, this, I can do that all day. I'm already great playing
one-on-one. You know, teams have to key in on me, which then frees up shooters on a perimeter,
or it gives me space to operate. But now I want to take my game to another level,
so how do I do that? Well, I become the best passer in the post in the game.
That's how I do that. When I become as dangerous with the ball here by making reads and making
passes, then that just enhances me in a fourth quarter to be able to dominate games offensively.
Here we go. This read right here. How would I get that pass in there?
All right, bounce it. All right, I can steal something out of James's book and bounce it
between Hill's legs. All right, but these kind of actions consistently I can do.
All right, I can throw the ball to Clay. Clay can throw it in to McGee.
I want to be able to challenge the league for being the best passer in the league.
There's no reason I can't do that. I'm completely capable of doing that.
So now I'm the best scorer. I'm the best passer. I'm, you know, I'm the best facilitator.
Then what is the league going to do? If I can incorporate that into my game,
how much more dangerous do we become now? For more analysis, go to detail on ESPN Plus.